(Zuzu)
Hey, Yugo! You keep speeding
like this
and the Duel Chasers'll be
after us again!
You kiddin' me, Zuzu?
They wouldn't dare hassle
two Friendship Cup headliners
like us.
Speaking of...
Looks like the opening
ceremony's about to start!
Hold on tight, 'cause we're
going supersonic!
(revving)
(shrieking)
(beeping)
Sir, we've located your
twoduelists of interest.
Would you like
usto detain them?
No, no, just keep an eye
on them for now.
After all,
the game is only now just
beginning.
And trust me,
things are about to get
far more interesting.
♪
♪ Hey, hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action,
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Howdy, folks!
Welcome to
the Openin' Ceremonies
of the rootin‐est,
tootin'‐est tournament in
town!
The Friendship Cup!
I'm sure you're just as
excited as two pigs in a pen
to see the people of our
great city come together
in the spirit of friendship
and competition.
Now, what say you all
put yourhands together
and make some noise for all
thecourageous competitors
who'll be competing in this
rip‐roaring contest of
cards!
Let's give it up!
Yee‐haw!
(crowd cheering)
(cheering)
And if these folks are
psyched for that,
they're gonna love
what's coming next!
I never thought I'd be down
about dueling.
But I can't stop
thinking about the others.
I wish...
I knew that they were okay.
As you know, it's become
tradition
for the Friendship Cup's
champion
to hold an exhibition duel just
prior to the opening ceremonies.
I humbly propose that
Yuya Sakaki
be invited to challenge
Jack Atlas.
Why me?
The rest of you,
this way.
Hey, where are you taking
everyone else?
They will be fine, young boy.
You just focus on your match
with Mr. Atlas.
You'll see them again
in the Friendship Cup.
Until then, rest assured
knowing they are safe and sound.
Yes, indeed, as long as
they continue to win.
Correct, Presider?
Correct.
Now, please make all of our new
guests feel at home,
so long as victory rides by
their sides.
Don't you waste a brain cell
worrying about Gong
and the rest of us.
We'll be good to go, promise.
How do they not realize
that Yuya's
just the opening act
and I'm the headliner?
Yuya, you had better crush
Jack Atlas, that traitor!
Wow, Crow sure was angry.
Huh? Hey.
What do you know about
Jack Atlas?
Nothing special.
Aw, come on, tell me.
Isn't he a big
duel star around here?
Jack's not just a star,
he's a superstar.
Sounds like I got my work
cut out for me.
I didn't want to
say anything
because I didn't want
to scare you with the truth.
Jack's the best dualist
this city has ever seen.
He's unbeatable.
Unbeatable, huh?
I guess that is
kind of scary.
But then again, it's kind of
exciting, too.
It means I have a chance
to do something
duel fans will
never see coming!
You mean...
beat Jack Atlas,
the Master of Faster,
the one and only King?
Okay, maybe I wasn't
very clear before.
See, Jack doesn't just
have great cards,
he has the best
strategies, too.
To beat him you'll need
something special,
something that nobody else
seems to have.
Well, at least nobody
around here.
Guess it's a good thing I'm
not from around here, then.
Well, I guess we'll find out
soon enough.
'Cause your match is
about to start.
Follow me.
(Yugo)
Shake your tail feather, Zuzu!
We're gonna miss the start!
I'm hurrying!
Wait for me!
Sorry, Zuzu, but I just
can't help myself.
I mean, check out
this stadium.
It's too cool!
Can you believe we actually
get to duel here?
Somebody pinch me!
Gotta admit,
you're right.
It's even bigger
than I thought.
And there's not an
empty seat in the house.
This is big time.
And now,
to kick the party off
with the man everyone
wants to see.
He needs no introduction,
but I'll still read
what's on the
teleprompter!
Give it up for the Master of
Faster...
Jack Atlas!
Atlas! Atlas! Atlas!
Atlas! Atlas!
Yeah! Jack! Jack!
(all)
We love you, Jack! Yay!
Yep, our hometown
hero is here
and ready to duel in an
exhibition match!
Which means we have someone
else to introduce as well.
So without further ado,
here he is,
Jack's challenger!
Huh?
Of course by
"challenger",
I don't actually mean that
Jackwill in any way be
challenged.
It's really just a figure
of speech, but I digress.
Here he is, Yuya Sakaki!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Enterin' stage left
is the dueltaining
challenger,
Yuya Sakaki!
Can it be?
I can hardly control this thing
as it is.
Should be real entertaining
trying to duel on it!
Yuya.
I can't believe it!
(beeping)
Your bracelet!
it only goes off
when Yuya's around.
That means
there's no doubt.
It's Yuya.
(Yugo)
That's Yuya?
Since you said
he looked like me,
I thought he'd be
a lot more handsome.
But I feel sorry for him.
He's bound for pound town.
What's that mean?
The same thing happens
every year.
They pick some chump
for Jack to beat.
It's the tournament's way
of reminding everyone
how amazing he is.
See, Jack doesn't take part
in the tournament,
but he does face
whoever wins it.
So having us watch this
smack‐down
makes us even more intimidated
by Jack's duel skills.
He's always two steps ahead.
He thinks of absolutely
everything,
from his monsters
to his spells
to the mental aspect
of the game.
Sure he's known as
the "Master of Faster,"
but truth is he's a master of
every strategic element
there is to know in dueling.
So your friend doesn't
stand a chance.
Sorry, but you don't
know him.
Wow.
I'm sorry if I touched
a nerve there.
Guess you really
believe in him.
I do.
Now then, what do you say we
quit talking about Jack
Atlas
and bring him out for
all your fine folks
to feast your eyes on!
After all, how many more
words of praise
could we possibly bestow
on the fella?
Well, a few
more, actually!
Here he is. The amazing,
the astonishing,
the awesome and awe‐inspiring
Jack Atlas!
(crowd cheering)
Who's the Master of Faster?
Who rules the duels?
That's right, it's me!
(girls)
We adore you, Jack Atlas!
Did I mention that Jack puts on
a good show, too?
Hello, my faithful!
Tell Jack how you want me
todispose of this dueling
dud!
Huh?
Not too quick, Master!
Let him last at least
three turns!
So be it.
Then this is how those
three turns will go
for this unfortunate
underachiever.
Not cool.
Turn one!
I'll make the first move and
set the stage for my victory!
Turn two!
I'll allow the amateur to make
some bad moves.
Turn three!
I will put him
out of his misery
and emerge from this duel
victorious!
Jack is prepared as always.
That's just what we want,
is it not?
Yes, it will
allow us to gauge
how skilled these
Lancers really are.
(Boldo)
I look forward to seeing what
they're capable of, Presider.
(White)
Indeed.
Let's see if their actions
live up to their words.
Good luck, Yuya.
(thinking) Jack Atlas says he
can beat me in three turns.
Guess that means he doesn't
think very highly of me.
That just makes me want to prove
him wrong even more!
With the duel
about to start,
it's time to activate
a field spell.
But for this special
exhibition,
they're gonna be dueling
on an Action Field!
Huh?
What's an Action Field?
Wait, for real?
Huh?
We have granted your request.
The use of Action Cards will
be permitted in this duel.
(Declan)
Good.
If you want to see what the
Lancers can do,
you must allow us to duel
how we duel best.
(Boldo)
So you say. But now ther
e are no excuses.
(Gale) Yes, if the Lancer loses,
it does not bode well.
(Gray)
Agreed, Presider?
Agreed.
(chuckles)
(Melissa)
All right, let's get on
with the show!
Today's Action Field is...
Crossover...
Acceleration!
(computer voice)
Duel mode engaged,
autopilot activated.
Now then, gentlemen,
rev those engines!
On your mark.
Get set.
Go!
(revving)
Let's duel!
(thinking)
Cool!
This Duel Runner has an
autopilot function
so I can focus on dueling
instead of steering.
New Domino City,
let me hear you!
(cheering)
Excellent!
And now, time for Yuya to
feel the sting of defeat!
Here goes!
I'll set the pace of this duel
with Red Sprinter!
And since this is the only
monster on the field,
I can summon one
Level 3‐or‐below
Tuner Monster
from my hand.
And I choose this one.
Reveal yourself.
Red Resonator!
And now for the fun part.
Level 2 Red Resonator, tune with
Level 4 Red Sprinter!
(manic laughter)
Witness the power of this
ultimate pairing!
Witness the power of my...
Synchro Summon!
Now rise, Red Wyvern!
(Melissa, on P. A.)
And true to his name,
the Master of Faster
brings out
an incredibly powerful
monster incredibly fast!
And it would seem Yuya is in
incredibly big trouble!
Oh, yeah!
Go Jack!
All right!
Sorry Zuzu, I know Yuya is your
friend, but I can't help it!
Jack is just too amazing!
I'm with you, Jack!
I'll now place one facedown
and end my turn.
Rumor has it you call yourself
a dueltainer, Yuya.
Well, then by all means,
go ahead and entertain me.
That won't be a problem at
all, Jack, 'cause it's
showtime!
First I'm setting
the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 Stargazer
Magician,
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Hocus pocus to it, Performapal
Trump Girl!
H‐2‐go, Performapal Skeeter
Skimmer!
Stamp to it, Performapal
Stamp Turtle!
But like any great showman,
I've saved the best for last.
Turn up the heat, Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
(Melissa)
Four monsters at once?
What a whopping
first move!
And it appears that y'all in
attendance are wondering,
what the hey?
Can't blame you.
This is some
never‐before‐seen summoning!
Can it be that Yuya has what it
takes to win this duel?
That the Master of Faster is
being masterfully outshined?
That Yuya really is the
dueltainer he says he is?
Keep it up, Yuya!
Show everyone
just what you can do!
And now, thanks to
Performapal Trump Girl,
I'm allowed to use a Pendulum
Monster to Fusion Summon!
It's time to merge your might!
I fuse Performapal Trump Girl
and Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Now with a dash of cosmic
chemistry,
I can create an even
mightier monster!
Taking center stage,
the one, the only...
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
But Rune Eyes will have to share
this stage,
because next I overlay Stamp
Turtle and Skeeter Skimmer!
Cloaked in shadows and
relentless in its objective,
I call upon the most dangerous
of Dragons!
I Xyz Summon!
Rank 4 Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon!
Didn't that belong to...
Yeah, it sure did.
That was Yuto's Dragon.
Three new summoning methods?
This is something my eyes
have never seen before.
It seems these Lancers
truly do have power.
The boy is quite impressive,
is he not?
Mm‐hmm.
Oh, yes, he is quite
entertaining.
(Melissa)
Well, partners and
partnerettes,
I think it safe to say that
none of us saw these
dynamite dueltaining moves
coming from Yuya!
But that's not to say someone
else didn't,
and that someone is
Jack Atlas!
Time to see if
the Master of Faster
can be fast enough on
his feet to take down
these new threats before they
take him down!
Nice moves, Yuya,
but not nice enough!
Since you now have
two monsters out
with more attack points
than Red Wyvern,
then I'm permitted to destroy
one of them.
The strongest one,
as a matter of fact!
So say farewell to your
Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Don't think so!
Nice!
I activate the Action Spell
Mirror Barrier!
So now Rune‐Eyes is
safe and sound!
Hot dawg!
Did y'all just see that?
Crazy!
(girls)
Poor Jack, that isn't fair!
Get on track, Jack.
Poor Jacky‐poo.
I say, these Action Cards
change everything!
Such a thrill.
You know what?
I didn't think it was possible,
but Turbo Duelin' just got
nitro'd!
For real!
You said you'd beat me
in three turns.
So guess I gotta beat you...
in two!
And with Dark Rebellion Xyz
Dragon...
that's exactly what I'll do!
I'm using two of
its Overlay Units.
Each Overlay Unit cuts your Red
Wyvern's attack points in
half,
and Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon
gains those attack points.
(roaring)
(Melissa, on P. A.)
Yuya's Dragon just
lasso'd itself
a heap of attack points!
Is the Master of Faster headed
straight for disaster?
Here goes!
Dark Rebellion!
Attack Jack's Red Wyvern!
Mauling Mandible Charge!
(Melissa)
Oh! And just like that,
Jack is down to a paltry
300 life points!
Now to drop 'em to zero!
Go, Rune‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
Attack Jack Atlas directly!
Good grief!
Seems like the Master's
finally met his match!
(girls)
Oh, no! We can't look!
Spiral Skyshot!
Surprised?
Well, I'm not!
Because I got the hang of Action
Duels quicker than you expected!
With the Action Spell
Evasive Evasion,
I not only got to
summon a Token,
but I also got to
stop your attack!
Seems you're not the only man
of action around here, Yuya!
(man)
Incredible!
Nice.
But since I used Trump Girl
to Fusion Summon Rune‐Eyes,
Rune‐Eyes gets
to attack twice!
Rune‐Eyes, attack his Token!
I activate the trap
Reject Reborn!
It slams the brakes on your
monster's attack!
Reject Reborn also
destroys my Token.
But I get to bring back two
monsters from my graveyard!
And that's too bad for you!
That's not good!
(Jack, on P. A.)
Not for you it's not!
I blocked two attacks,
so rise again, Red Wyvern
and Red Resonator!
And thanks to Red Resonator's
special ability,
I now regain life points equal
to my Red Wyvern's attack
points!
Red Wyvern has 2,400, so I
regain 2,400 life points!
Oh, my! Not only did Jack
sidestep Yuya's attack,
but he was able to bring back
two of his monsters
and nearly all the life points
he lost before!
Jack Atlas ain't just in
topfighting form right now,
he appears to
bebetter than ever!
(cheering)
(girls)
We love you, Jack!
Almost had him!
I end my turn!
And Dark Rebllion Xyz Dragon's
attack points return to normal.
Jack sure did show him!
All right!
Yuya.
Listen up, Yuya.
You call yourself
a duelatiner.
Well, here's my review.
Your performance was abysmal,
mediocre at best.
And I'm gonna bring
the curtain down on you!
(growls)
I promised I would beat you
on the third turn,
and I'm a man of my word!
(revving)
My draw!
And my first order of business
will be to tune
Level 2 Red Resonator
with Level 6 Red Wyvern!
Now from the ancient chasms
of a lost world,
I awake a great and terrible
power!
I Synchro Summon!
Now rise, Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend!
(roaring)
And with its arrival will
come your end,
because thanks to Scarlight
Red Dragon Archfiend,
I can destroy
all your monsters
and then you take 500 points
of damage
for each one that perished
by its flames!
Feel the heat, Yuya, of your
impending demise!
And now, Scarlight Red Dragon
Archfiend,
attack Yuya directly,
then end this!
Molten Crimson Flare!
Now get out of my arena!
Aah!
Yuya!
♪ You vs. me,
competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers
come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win
the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and
make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat
my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn,
your tricks ♪
♪ Now what will
you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime,
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks,
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪